README.md, before:

# 🌊 Wave-x-Pr0xy

```text
 ,-.-.   ,---.           ,-.-.    ,----.                 ,-.--, 
,-..-.-./  \==\.--.'  \   ,--.-./=/ ,/ ,-.--` , \       .--.-.  /=/, .' 
|, \=/\=|- |==|\==\-/\ \ /==/, ||=| -||==|-  _.-`       \==\ -\/=/- /   
|- |/ |/ , /==//==/-|_\ |\==\,  \ / ,||==|   `.-.        \==\ `-' ,/    
 \, ,     _|==|\==\,   - \\==\ - ' - /==/_ ,    /         |==|,  - |    
 | -  -  , |==|/==/ -   ,| \==\ ,   ||==|    .-'         /==/   ,   \   
  \  ,  - /==//==/-  /\ - \|==| -  ,/|==|_  ,`-._       /==/, .--, - \  
  |-  /\ /==/ \==\ _.\=\.-'\==\  _ / /==/ ,     /       \==\- \/=/ , /  
  `--`  `--`   `--`         `--`--'  `--`-----``         `--`-'  `--`
      ___           ___           ___           ___                    ___     
     /\__\         /\  \         /\__\         /\  \                  |\__\    
    /:/ _/_       /::\  \       /:/  /        /::\  \                 |:|  |   
   /:/ /\__\     /:/\:\  \     /:/  /        /:/\:\  \                |:|  |   
  /:/ /:/ _/_   /::\~\:\  \   /:/__/  ___   /::\~\:\  \               |:|__|__ 
 /:/_/:/ /\__\ /:/\:\ \:\__\  |:|  | /\__\ /:/\:\ \:\__\          ____/::::\__\
 \:\/:/ /:/  / \/__\:\/:/  /  |:|  |/:/  / \:\~\:\ \/__/          \::::/~~/~   
  \::/_/:/  /       \::/  /   |:|__/:/  /   \:\ \:\__\             ~~|:|~~|    
   \:\/:/  /        /:/  /     \::::/__/     \:\ \/__/               |:|  |    
    \::/  /        /:/  /       ~~~~          \:\__\                 |:|  |    
     \/__/         \/__/                       \/__/                  \|__|    



> A lightweight, static HTML proxy project made for fun and learning.  
> Built by [**JustA5thGrader**](https://github.com/justa5thgrader).

---

## 🌐 About

**Wave-x-Pr0xy** is a simple front-end proxy interface that runs on pure HTML.  
It’s not meant to be fancy — it’s built to be easy to host, easy to modify, and simple to understand.  
Perfect for anyone learning how web proxies and static hosting work.

---

## ✨ Features

- 🧱 100% HTML – no backend required  
- 🌍 Works on nearly any web host  
- 🧠 Clean and easy to read code  
- ⚙️ Can be used as a base for more advanced proxy tools  
- 🎨 Minimal, fast, and lightweight

---

## 📂 Project Structure

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and additional details
Updated the README to enhance project description and features.

README.md, after:

# 🌊 Wave-x-Pr0xy

```text
 ,-.-.   ,---.           ,-.-.    ,----.                 ,-.--, 
,-..-.-./  \==\.--.'  \   ,--.-./=/ ,/ ,-.--` , \       .--.-.  /=/, .' 
|, \=/\=|- |==|\==\-/\ \ /==/, ||=| -||==|-  _.-`       \==\ -\/=/- /   
|- |/ |/ , /==//==/-|_\ |\==\,  \ / ,||==|   `.-.        \==\ `-' ,/    
 \, ,     _|==|\==\,   - \\==\ - ' - /==/_ ,    /         |==|,  - |    
 | -  -  , |==|/==/ -   ,| \==\ ,   ||==|    .-'         /==/   ,   \   
  \  ,  - /==//==/-  /\ - \|==| -  ,/|==|_  ,`-._       /==/, .--, - \  
  |-  /\ /==/ \==\ _.\=\.-'\==\  _ / /==/ ,     /       \==\- \/=/ , /  
  `--`  `--`   `--`         `--`--'  `--`-----``         `--`-'  `--`
      ___           ___           ___           ___                    ___     
     /\__\         /\  \         /\__\         /\  \                  |\__\    
    /:/ _/_       /::\  \       /:/  /        /::\  \                 |:|  |   
   /:/ /\__\     /:/\:\  \     /:/  /        /:/\:\  \                |:|  |   
  /:/ /:/ _/_   /::\~\:\  \   /:/__/  ___   /::\~\:\  \               |:|__|__ 
 /:/_/:/ /\__\ /:/\:\ \:\__\  |:|  | /\__\ /:/\:\ \:\__\          ____/::::\__\
 \:\/:/ /:/  / \/__\:\/:/  /  |:|  |/:/  / \:\~\:\ \/__/          \::::/~~/~   
  \::/_/:/  /       \::/  /   |:|__/:/  /   \:\ \:\__\             ~~|:|~~|    
   \:\/:/  /        /:/  /     \::::/__/     \:\ \/__/               |:|  |    
    \::/  /        /:/  /       ~~~~          \:\__\                 |:|  |    
     \/__/         \/__/                       \/__/                  \|__|    



> A lightweight, static HTML proxy project made for fun and learning.  
> Built by [**JustA5thGrader**](https://github.com/justa5thgrader).

🌐 About

Wave-x-Pr0xy is a lightweight, front-end HTML proxy layout.
It’s not a backend proxy server — instead, it’s a web interface concept built for beginners who want to explore how simple proxies and UIs can work together.

Perfect for:

Students learning HTML structure

People testing static hosting setups

Developers experimenting with proxy UIs

✨ Features

⚡ Fully static — no server required

🎨 Clean and modifiable layout

🌍 Works on GitHub Pages or any static host

🧠 Easy to read, easy to remix

💻 Educational and simple by design

📂 Directory Layout Wave-x-Pr0xy/
│
├── index.html          # Main interface file
├── C rasher.html       # Additional test file
├── wave-x temp/        # Experimental or temp directory
├── secret/             # Hidden or personal files
└── README.md           # Documentation
🚀 Quick Start
Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/justa5thgrder/Wave-x-Pr0xy.git
cd Wave-x-Pr0xy
